c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\TuristApp5.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\TuristApp5.Windows.exe
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\TuristApp5.Windows.pdb
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\TuristApp5.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\TuristApp5.Windows.exe
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\TuristApp5.Windows.pdb
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\TuristApp5.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Nicklas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Nicklas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Nicklas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Nicklas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Nicklas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Nicklas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Nicklas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Nicklas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\View\Beskrivelse.xbf
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\Beskrivelse.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\Beskrivelse.g.cs
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\Beskrivelse.xaml
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\Beskrivelse.xbf
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\bin\Debug\View\SplitPage1.xbf
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\SplitPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\SplitPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\SplitPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Nicklas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TuristApp5\TuristApp5\TuristApp5.Windows\obj\Debug\View\SplitPage1.xbf
